add getSubnet to p-chain api reference (#3204)
ava-labs/avalanchego: vms/platformvm/service.md

:::

### `platform.getSubnet`

Get owners and elastic info about the Subnet.

**Signature:**

```sh
platform.getSubnet({
    subnetID: string
}) ->
{

>     id: string,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    isPermissioned: bool,
    controlKeys: []string,
    threshold: string,
    locktime: string,
    subnetTransformationTxID: string
}
```

> - `id` are the ID of the Subnet to get information about. If omitted, fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `subnetID` is the ID of the Subnet to get information about. If omitted, fails.
```
